User sees a list of available rewards categories.
View details about each category by clicking the icon.
Check the box to select (I've already selected, so I'm notified above).
The user can review the previous quarter(s).
Moving to the next screen.
The user can see their purchases that earned rewards.
Select dates to view (or specify custom dates).
Purchases are displayed with details.
Date, merchant, purchase amount, percentage earned, amount earned, higher rewards have highlighted header.
Redeem rewards (get the $$$!!)
Specify the amount and where the money should go (user's account or charity).
Schedule automatic redemptions periodically.
Specify how much, how often, and where it should go.
Clicking the amount on the header displays quarterly summaries.